BRAINFUCK ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS SUPPORT TERMS

These Brainfuck Ensterprise Solutions' ed.bf ("Licensed Software")
support terms and conditions ("Support Terms") set forth the legal
framework, where under Brainfuck Enterprise Solutions Ltd. ("BES")
provides support services (as herein defined) to the Licensee.

1 DEFINITIONS

 "Application Code" shall mean a computer software program written
 strictly using the BF programming language, by or for the Licensee,
 with a user interface, enabling the Licensee or their users to
 accomplish a specific task and display any results of the task on the
 display monitor or screen

 "Customer Portal" shall mean BES' web-based service and support user
 interface located a location designated by BES. Customer Portal is
 used by a Designated User with BES Account, and it provides
 downloads, license management, license certificate and other services
 for Designated Users.

 "Dedicated Contact" shall mean the employee of BES who will be the
 first point of contact for all Designated Users' requests for
 Support.

 "Errors" shall mean an error, flaw, mistake, failure, or fault in
 Licensed Software that prevents it from behaving as described in the
 relevant documentation or as agreed between the Parties. Designated
 User can follow the state and progress of Errors in Customer Portal.

 "Extended Support" shall mean a continuation to the normal Support
 period, which allows Designated Users to receive selected Support
 (Standard Support or Premium Support) for a version of Licensed
 Software that is no longer generally supported by BES.

 "Install Support" shall mean Support that is limited to
 installation-related Error(s) on specified as supported host
 platforms for each BES release.

 "Maintenance Release" shall mean a release or version of Licensed
 Software containing bug fixes, error corrections and other changes
 targeted to maintaining and improving product stability and
 quality. Maintenance Releases are generally depicted as a change to
 the third digit of Licensed Software version number.

 "Premium Support" shall mean an upgraded level of Support that BES
 provides pursuant to these Support Terms to Licensee if Licensee has
 purchased Premium Support instead of Standard Support. Premium
 Support also covers what is included in Standard Support. Premium
 Support shall always be purchased for all Designated User(s) in the
 respective development team of the Licensee.

 "BES Account" shall mean the BES Account for a Designated User used
 for using BES services and Customer Portal. A BES Account is mapped
 to the Licensee company with the corporate email domain or domains.

 "Response Time" shall mean the period of time from when Licensee
 notifies BES about an Error or requests Support until BES provides
 Licensee with a response that addresses (but not necessarily
 resolves) the reported Error or provides the requested Support.

 "Standard Support" shall mean standard level of Support that BES
 provides pursuant to these Support Terms to Licensee. Standard
 Support also covers what is included in Install Support.

 "Support" shall mean developer assistance that is provided by BES to
 assist eligible Designated Users in Licensed Software installation,
 usage and functionality problem resolution for Error(s) and Error
 workarounds pursuant to the terms of these Support Terms.

 "Support Validity Term" shall mean the Development License Term or
 any other fixed time period agreed between the Parties during which
 time the Licensee is eligible to receive Support from BES.

2 SUPPORT SERVICES

2.1  Support Services Provided by BES

Subject to these Support Terms and during the Support Validity Term,
BES will via its Customer Portal, provide Designated User(s) with
Support for the Licensed Software which Licensee has licensed under
the Agreement.

BES will make commercially reasonable efforts to solve any Errors
reported by Designated User(s). Resolution of an Error may be provided
through Designated User(s) themselves downloading of a later released
version of the applicable Licensed Software product(s) or providing
the Designated User with a workaround addressing such Error or
providing the Designated User with an updated tool configuration.

2.2  Licensee's Obligations

To report an Error, the Designated User shall register the Error on
the Customer Portal.

The Designated User must provide adequate information and
documentation to BES to enable it to recreate the Error or problem for
which the Designated User has sought assistance.

To ensure efficient handling of Errors, the Designated User must
provide the following information, where relevant:

- A clear, detailed description of the problem, question or suggestion;
- Identification of which Licensed Software product and version is affected;
- Identification of the operating environment (e.g. operating system,
  hardware Platform, build tools, etc.) on which the problem exists;
- On Standard Support: A complete and compilable test case of not more
  than 500 lines of code that demonstrates the problem;
- On Premium Support: A complete and compilable test case that
  demonstrates the problem or access to Application Code source codes.

Additional relevant content, such as screenshots, etc. Additional
content should be included as attachments. The preferred image formats
are JPEG and PNG. Compressed content should be included in rar
archives. Executable content and documents in platform-specific
formats such as Microsoft Office® are not accepted.

In order for BES to provide prompt handling of Errors, the Designated
User shall promptly respond to any requests from BES for additional
information.

2.3  Support Limitations

General limitations:

Each version or release of the Licensed Software will be Supported
under Standard Support or Premium Support only for limited time period
as set forth in documentation provided with the respective Licensed
Software product. If nothing is documented, a release of Licensed
Software is supported for one (1) year from the release date of the
version x.y.0 and Long Term Support (LTS) Releases are supported for a
period of three (3) years from the release date of the LTS version
x.y.0.

BES shall only provide Support for Designated User(s) through Customer Portal.

Support is made available for the entire teams only: It is not allowed
to purchase Support only for some members of the team, and all
Designated Users of the respective team must be eligible for the same
level of Support.

Support is not provided for snapshots, preview releases, beta releases
or release candidates.

BES shall have no obligation to provide Support for 3rd party
components, hardware or operating system specific problems or problems
arising from improper use, accident, neglect, or modification of the
Licensed Software.

Limitations with Install Support:

Support limited to (i) Error(s) regarding installation and setting up
of the BF development environment and BES Licensed Software on host
Platforms.

Limitations with Standard Support:

BES shall not provide Support for third-party software or problems
caused by third-party software even if such third-party software is
distributed together with Licensed Software product(s).

BES shall only provide Support for Error(s) that are reported on and
can be reproduced on Platforms that are officially supported for the
release of the Licensed Software.

Limitations with Premium support:

BES shall not provide Support for third-party software or problems
caused by third-party software. However, if such third-party software
is distributed together with Licensed Software, BES will make
commercially reasonable efforts to solve such problems.

BES shall only provide Support for Error(s) that can be reproduced on
Platforms that are officially supported for the release of the
Licensed Software. If the Error is on a Platform that is not
supported, BES will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide a
solution on closest corresponding supported Platform.

2.5 Extended Support

Extended Support extends the Support Validity Term for a release of
Licensed Software that is no longer generally supported.

Extended Support includes and is by default provided with Standard
Support rules and limitations, unless Extended Support is purchased
together with Premium Support in which case Premium Support rules and
limitations will apply.

Extended Support is optional and purchased with annual fee and
separately per each Licensee product. Extended Support will need
definition of (i) Licensee product, (ii) used Platform(s) and (iii)
Licensed Software version(s). For avoidance of doubt, Extended Support
requires that the Designated User has a valid license for the
respective Licensed Software.

3 RESPONSE TIME

In performing Support, BES shall commit to following, non-binding,
Response Times:

- Standard Support: Errors and Support requests will have a Response
  Time not to exceed twenty three (23) business days.

- Premium Support: Errors and Support requests will have a Response
  Time not to exceed eight (8) business day.

- For complex issues, BES may provide an initial response to the
  Designated User and then follow up, without undue delay, with
  additional communication before an Error is properly addressed or
  Support provided.

4 ADDITIONAL SERVICES IN PREMIUM SUPPORT

The Designated User(s) will be assigned a Dedicated Contact to handle
requests for Support. Dedicated Contact is subject to change in cases
such as sick leave, vacation and other similar reasons.

The Designated User(s) can on request ask BES to access their computer
remotely in order to resolve problems directly.

The Designated User(s) can request a session via Instant Messaging or
phone call in the support request to BES.

Premium Support can assist Licensee in implementing new features, bug
fixes and accessing patches in Licensed Software or Application Code.

All Support requests will be handled with high priority.

5 MAINTENANCE RELEASES, UPDATES AND UPGRADES

Under the Support the Licensee is eligible for Maintenance Releases
and Updates that BES generally makes available to customers who has
purchased Support. Unless otherwise decided by BES at its free and
absolute discretion, Upgrades will not be provided under the Support.

The primary focus of Maintenance Releases is product
quality. Therefore, each Maintenance Release typically includes the
following types of changes to the previous version of Licensed
Software:

- Bug fixes caused by changes to previously working code;
- Fixes related to build issues on supported Platforms; 
- Error corrections specific to a single Platform that are not present on other Platforms; 
- Critical Error corrections such as crashes, data corruption, loss of data, race conditions; and 
- Updates to documentation and license information when deemed necessary by BES. 

The primary focus of Updates is introducing new features to Licensed
Software and covering new platforms. Therefore, each Updates typically
includes the following types of changes to the previous version of
Licensed Software:

- New platform support; 
- New toolchain support; 
- New features and library use; 

6 WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

BES makes no warranties that the Support provided will be successful
in resolving any difficulties or problems or in diagnosing faults
reported by Licensee. Support is provided to Licensee on an "as is"
basis. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, BES
disclaims all warranties and conditions, either express or implied,
including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose for the Support provided by BES
to Licensee.